feat: Amortize the cost of database setup in postgres through the use of template databases. (#151)
schireson/pytest-mock-resources: docs/source/relational/ordered-actions.rst

class to conveniently pre-populate your db fixture with data.

.. code-block:: python
   from package.models import Base, User
   from pytest_mock_resources import create_redshift_fixture, Rows

   rows = Rows(
       User(name="Harold"),
       User(name="Catherine"),
   )

   redshift = create_redshift_fixture(Base, rows)

   def test_something_exists(redshift):
       execute = redshift.execute("SELECT * FROM user")
       result = sorted([row[1] for row in execute])
       assert ["Catherine", "Harold"] == result

This will automatically insert any records defined by the :class:`Rows` before test execution.

.. admonition:: info

   You can also omit the above ``Base`` reference to the model base or metadata when
   using rows, yielding ``redshift = create_redshift_fixture(rows)``.

   Rows will backtrack to the corresponding metadata and treat it as though the
   metadata were passed in immediately preceding the ``Rows`` action.

Statements/StaticStatements
---------------------------
Either a :class:`Statements` or :class:`StaticStatements` object can be constructed,
which will execute arbitrary SQL before entering the test.

> Both operate in exactly the same way, however a :class:`StaticStatements` is a
> sentinel to the library that the Statement is safe to amortize with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both operate in exactly the same way, however :class:`StaticStatements` let the
library know that the included SQL statements are a safe to "cache" in order to reduce database creation costs.
```
